Bugs:
-----

Bug:	Harvesters block each other and then stop harvesting
Update:	Fixed

Bug:	On Mac OS X save games shall be saved under ~/Library/dunelegacy
Update:	Fixed

Bug:	Units awaiting pickup for repair and then ordered to some other place are picked up by a carryall and transported their instead of repair yard.

Bug:	Package big icon (128x128) in deb and rpm files
Update:	Fixed

Bug:	Walls at the edge will not display correct (see mission 9)
Update:	Fixed

Bug:	If you have a lot of units and send them out all together you can see some flickering.
Update: Should be solved now.

Bug:	AI tries to place buildings outside the map if base is near map edge (see Harkonnen Level 16 (SCENH016.INI)).
(Fix:)	Until now this bug isn't really fixed but AI is prevented to build outside the map. It seems, that AI can handle this situation and tries somewhere else.

Bug:	When you start a campaign or skirmish game, the briefing theme keeps playing after you exit the briefing room and start the actual game. Also, if you quit a game and go back to the main menu, the in-game music keeps playing instead of switching to the main menu theme.
Update:	Fixed

Bug:	Not all original terrain effects on unit speed are present right now, e.g. units should slow down when crossing the sand/rock border, and different movement types are affected in a different way by sand and rock: tracked vehicles move faster on rocks and slow down on sand, while wheeled vehicles do just the opposite.

Bug:	When a carryall is about to pick up an unit and the unit is just stopped before the carryall arrives the carryall just halts. 

Todo:
-----

Make command queues for units possible (e.g. waypoints during movement, hit and run, etc.)

Use the "tutorial" strings from Dune 2 for a short introduction of new buildings

Cleanup the code base:
 - Mix_AllocateChannels() in main might need parameter tuning (4 channel might be too few)

Add missing voice announcements

Think about other cursor and indictator graphics

Make an option to show the original build icons

Make GUI scale option for higher resolution screens.

Test sound and music volume

Rework message queue to drop redundant messages

Test minimap

Test Alt-Tab

Test XMI playback on Windows 7

Test Menu music change with directory player

Ideas:
------

Configurable hotkeys for various commands (placing building, ordering units, scrolling, ...). SDL 2.0 has some functions for mapping keys/scancodes to key names which simplifies key mappings a lot.

Upgrades for Windtraps, Silos, Refineries (another Harvester?), Gun-Turrets, ...

Neutral units and structures which can be captured by moving an own unit nearby

A Tower-Defense mode. The computer sends units from one point on the map (source) to another point (sink, destination). The way between these to points is very complicated. The goal for the human players is to kill these units before they reach the sink. For every killed unit the player gets money. The player can only build towers.
Split-View: Two players can play on one computer like e.g. The Settlers II.

Touchscreen support, e.g. for smartphones
